[ADP-3303] Fix quickstart instruction in the README (#4473)
cardano-foundation/cardano-wallet: README.md

## Quickstart

The `cardano-wallet` executable is an HTTP server that manages your wallet(s).
Here is one way to start both node and wallet using Docker and running the nightly version of the wallet.

```bash

THE FOLLOWING EXPOSES THE WALLET PORT. DO NOT USE IT WITH mainnet !

Prerequisties:
    - 100GB of disk space
    - 13GB of RAM

Copy this script to a file, e.g. `start.sh` and make it executable with `chmod +x start.sh`

```bash
#! /bin/bash

set -euo pipefail

# set the network, mainnet or preprod or sanchonet
export NETWORK=preprod

# set a directory for the node-db
export NODE_DB=`pwd`/node-db
# set a directory for the wallet-db
export WALLET_DB=`pwd`/wallet-db

# set the node tag and wallet tag to compatible versions
export NODE_TAG=8.7.3
export WALLET_TAG=rc-latest # 2023.12.18

# set a port for the wallet server
export WALLET_PORT=8090

if [ "$(ls -A "${NODE_DB}")" ]
then

>     echo "Node state is present, not downloading the snapshot."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    echo "The requested node version is present, not downloading the snapshot."
```
